docs: add example for security agent readiness (#101)
kubernetes-sigs/node-readiness-controller: docs/book/src/examples/security-agent-readiness.md

### 1. Deploy the Readiness Condition Reporter

To bridge the security agent’s internal health signal to Kubernetes, we deploy a readiness reporter that updates a Node Condition. This reporter is typically deployed as a sidecar container in the Falco DaemonSet.

This sidecar periodically checks Falco's local health endpoint (`http://localhost:8765/healthz`) and updates a Node Condition `security.k8s.io/FalcoReady`.

**Patch your Falco DaemonSet:**

```yaml
# security-agent-reporter-sidecar.yaml
- name: security-status-patcher
  image: registry.k8s.io/node-readiness-controller/node-readiness-reporter:v0.1.1
  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
  env:
    - name: NODE_NAME
      valueFrom:
        fieldRef:
          fieldPath: spec.nodeName
    - name: CHECK_ENDPOINT
      value: "http://localhost:8765/healthz" # Update the right security agent endpoint
    - name: CONDITION_TYPE
      value: "security.k8s.io/FalcoReady"   # Update the right condition
    - name: CHECK_INTERVAL
      value: "5s"
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: "10m"
      memory: "32Mi"
    requests:
      cpu: "10m"
      memory: "32Mi"
```

> > Note: In this example, the security agent’s health is monitored by a side-car, so the reporter’s lifecycle is the same as the pod lifecycle. If the Falco pod is crashlooping, the sidecar will not run and cannot report readiness. For robust `continuous` readiness reporting, the reporter should be deployed `external` to the pod.

Author: I’ve clarified this by referencing Node Problem Detector (NPD) as an example of an independent component that updates Node conditions.

### 2. Grant Permissions (RBAC)

The readiness reporter sidecar needs permission to update the Node object's status to publish readiness information.

```yaml
# security-agent-node-status-rbac.yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: node-status-patch-role
rules:

> - apiGroups: [""]

Reviewer: Did you verify if this RBAC is sufficient for Falco? does it not need a node/get permissions?

# Security Agent Readiness Guardrail

This guide demonstrates how to use the Node Readiness Controller to prevent workloads from being scheduled on a node until a security agent (for example, [Falco](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco)) is fully initialized and actively monitoring the node.

## The Problem

In many Kubernetes clusters, security agents are deployed as DaemonSets. When a new node joins the cluster, there is a race condition:
1. A new node joins the cluster and is marked `Ready` by the kubelet.
2. The scheduler sees the node as `Ready` and considers the node eligible for workloads.
3. However, the security agent on that node may still be starting or initializing.

> **Result**: Application workloads may start running before security monitoring is active, creating a blind spot where runtime threats, policy violations, or anomalous behavior may go undetected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result**: Application workloads may start running before node is security compliant, creating a blind spot where runtime threats, policy violations, or anomalous behavior may go undetected.
```

nit
